I did have a friend who had Sonic. I
mean, not Sonic, SEGA cd. And they had this crazy,
like, weird FMV game.
Oh, there was Sewer Shark. That every. Sewer shark.
Yes, the worst. Yes, the worst. Yes. That's
exactly what I got to experience. And I'm like, why is this game the
worst thing on the planet?
I feel like everything that comes bundled and is bad, we should just call
a sewer shark. You know, like when
you. When you had an Xbox360 and you bought the HD
DVD player and it came with Peter Jackson's King Kong, it actually came with
Sewer card.
Yeah, pretty much.
That's true.
Hey, this is episode 1616
of Weekly Deliverables and it's called the Spicy Nugget.
This is definitely a spicy nug. I am
Mark.
I am Alex.
And I'm Pedro.
And today we're talking about fast food, apparently.
Yeah, well, so we kind of wanted to bring up a little.
A little topic about team environments and,
you know, some of the positives and negatives of working in a team
during projects and did we touch on this.
A little bit before?
We might have, to some extent.
We have an extensive catalog and sometimes.
It'S just hard to remember.
I'm not 100% on that.
I think that maybe we went over the kind of like
an overview.
Okay.
Coming out of this contract gig.
Right. Okay. So you have some experience to.
Yeah, we have a. Yeah. If. If we do. If we have covered it, then maybe
we can just. Yeah, well, we. We had an episode on
team dynamics. Right, Right. This is not so much team dynamics
as it is being in
a team versus not being in a team.
Gotcha.
Some of the pros and cons.
Some of the pros and cons. Right.
So, yeah, man. It's a deep, deep
well of things to talk about.
I think that for the most part,
when you think of a team environment. Right. Everybody
kind of thinks of maybe like the Mighty Ducks or something.
Quack.
Yeah, quack. Everybody sits getting together, hands in the
middle, throw your hands up. Everybody's going to do their job.
Blind V. There's a party in the usa.
Yeah.
Knuckle puck.
You never heard of my knuckle puck?
No, please.
That's like my favorite one.
And in reality, it doesn't always end up
that way. People work at different paces. And
when you are in a team environment, you have
to kind of adhere to everybody's
strengths and. And more importantly, everybody's weaknesses.
Right.
And I think that that was
very eye opening for me and it's kind of shown
me A little bit about,
I suppose, keeping a good record of
production and trying to meet some standards and
learning from each other as quickly as possible. Especially because the project
I was working on, we were in a crunch, so there was no time
to really sit down and code review and stuff like that. So you kind of just
had to look at someone else's work, see what they were doing and kind of meet
a standard if they were. If it was better than yours.
Right.
But it made me think about what
it means to actually work in
team and having to deal with contrasting ideas.
Having to deal with, you know, being told no
when you have, like, the evidence that you're
like, plan of attack is probably, like,
the best. Not the best, but ideal to the situation
that you're in.
So almost like being on Facebook.
The.
Most contrary things that you will ever possibly think of, like your
family member just posts.
Yeah.
You're just like, how do I. How do I be in a family with this person?
Exactly. You have to think, like, okay, like, I'm in this team,
and if you. Well, like me,
I was in a contract, so I'm obligated to be here. But I'm
also like, I need to be here, right. So I need to
make sure that I work well with these people despite, like, maybe
some of these contrasting ideas. So now you got to figure it out. You
can't just walk away from it, you know, it's just like family. You got to figure it out.
Yeah.
So, yeah, like, it was definitely,
definitely, definitely.
No, you can't do that anymore, man.
Definitely, definitely.
There's a whole spectrum disorder advocacy rights group, I'm sure,
really somewhere they don't.
Like that movie the Rain man.
Maybe.
Even though it helped bring awareness to it anyway.
Yeah. But I think that was awesome. Anyway.
Fine line between making fun of something and bringing awareness to it.
Lesson number one.
Yeah.
I think that when
you take on a project, right? So I'm going to think
of this from the bare bones. Let's just say it's just you, right? And you
take on a project by yourself only you have yourself to hold accountable,
right? So you're going to find ways to make yourself responsible
for achieving something. Right. When you take
on a team project now, now,
it's not just you. Everybody else has to be accountable too,
right? And you have to hold them accountable, and they have to hold you accountable.
But when someone sits in a really
important seat and they're kind
of, like, not producing or they're kind of just
kind of doing whatever it is to. To
halt the project in a way. Not on purpose, but,
you know, kind of like, like as a result
or.
Right.
As a consequence of their actions.
Yeah.
Then the project has a high possibility of coming to a
screeching hole.
Yeah.
And that fucks with everybody who's working on the project.
Better believe it.
Yeah.
So it's. It's interesting to. To see
it happen. It's interesting to be a part of it. And
it made me think, like, well, people
need to know exactly what they're getting into when
they decide I'm going to get into a team or I'm going to build
a team to do something. Because it's not just, all right, cool guys, let's
get together and do this. No, like, and especially
if you believe in the project that you're working in and you want to see it succeed,
it has to be like a. Like, even
if it's with your friends, you have to now
treat each other as co workers and like respectable people.
Which is really difficult.
Yeah, it's.
It's hard. It's very difficult because you can fall into the,
like, oh, they're my friends. Yeah, they'll get it. Of course, you know,
and it's like, no, you're kind of doing your friends a disservice
if you're not, you know, putting forth, like, maximum effort.
Yeah, right. And it's. It's
one of those things that I think that if you work with strangers,
you fall into it less because I don't
know if there's a psychological explanation for it, but
when you feel accountable with someone you don't know, you feel like you need to
step your game up. I don't know if you've ever felt that way.
Well, maybe because we're Americans. Right. It's like the Wild west, where
it's like, oh, you didn't. You didn't bring these cattle and Pam and
they just shoot. So we're conditioned
that way based on, like, childhood entertainment like
Yosemite Sam.
I mean, it also, cross them and.
He'Ll just shoot you.
I mean, it also makes you not a scumbag because if you care about, you know,
performing with, you know, with people that,
that you don't know, because you feel accountable, you know, for what you're doing,
it makes you not a scumbag. But if you don't feel that way with
your friends, you are a scumbag. Like, if you don't feel that
same amount of, like, respect, almost like, oh, I need to be
accountable with my friends. Probably your friends more so because
you see these people all the time, like. Right. Instead of just strangers.
So it's like a weird psychology. Psychological.
I think it's, like, phenomena. Yeah, I think it's like a. Like a weird reverse.
Because with friends, you're kind of like, whatever about it.
Right. But with strangers, you're kind of really serious about it.
Yeah, for sure.
And it's. It's interesting to think of
it like that or to see that, you know.
I prefer my Wild west, like, explanation.
Yeah. Just getting shot.
For the record, this is the explanation I support.
So if you guys listening here ever work for Mark, you're
gonna get shot if you.
But he has to come in there 77, like, ghetto.
If you hear spurs in the office that day, you're done.
I got the. The. The. The USA skin
out of a loot box recently for McCree.
Oh.
So it's a little offshoot.
I was hoping that, like, you weren't talking about Overwatch for
a second.
I cannot talk.
But it's just like, I got the USA skin. Yeah.
When did you get that?
It's the USA ducks. Not the Mighty Ducks.
The USA ducks from D2. The Mighty Ducks.
Oh, my God.
We talk about Mighty Ducks all day.
What did I do?
I mean, why did I say the word Mighty Ducks?
You know, because ducks fly for already.
They do.
And fly together.
Fly together.
Ducks still fly together. And as long as they fly in, they might as well
fly forever.
Oh, shit.
Better late than never.
There you go, Daniel.
Pleasure.
Done. Yeah.
You all just got Puff Daddy.
Yeah. And resurrect.
Bigotry. Sloppy.
It also made me think, right.
About.
What it means to not work in a team and what it means to
be accountable for yourself, right? And maybe
some. Something along the lines of creating strategies to make yourself
accountable for a passion project, Right?
And obviously it starts with the person they have to want
to do this thing, right? And we've talked about this before. I
think it was one of our first or second episodes.
You know, the want to actually do something. But then
I was thinking, well, what are some strategies that will help someone
kind of stick to a schedule, right? And it's creating
sort of like
what I want to say is superficial need to do something
that benefits your project, Right?
Artificial need.
Maybe Artificially. Yeah.
Yeah. Because superficials like, it doesn't really matter. It just looks like it
matters.
Right.
Well, that too.
Artificial need is that you. You. You create this, like,
deadline or whatever. You're like, if I don't do it by this date,
I am actually garbage, right? So you're not.
Right if you miss your deadline. But also you want to think that way
because you want to make your.
Because you might be garbage.
Yeah.
Because you might end up in the trash bin. But I was thinking
like there now it made me think
of the people who go on to Twitch and host dev streams,
art streams and stuff like that. That to me is that artificial.
Like that artificial manufacturing that need to produce.
Exactly. They're like, well, if I stream today, then I'll get to work
two hours on whatever it is. And if you stream like Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, now it's three days out of the week that you're actually
working on your project, even though it's kind of like you should be
doing that anyway. Now you've kind of.
But here's the difference though. When you build audience, you have to be consistent.
You do. Yeah.
Right. So that's where that manufactured game comes in.
If you end up building audience.
Yeah.
I'm just saying the one way you do it is by being consistent.
Right.
Like it's guaranteed if you can't stream consistently, you will never
have an audience.
Right.
Whatever.
But it also comes down to, let's say, I guess, even in the
same way of an audience. But it's a different kind of audience if you write a blog
or you start creating tutorials. Exactly right. That'll keep you
always consistent on making stuff and always
kind of working towards your end goal. And
I thought about that as like, okay, so if you're a solo guy,
you're not working in a team and you need some
motivational push to go forward, try to find that artificial
kind of like, now I'm manufacturing my need kind
of thing.
Yeah, for sure.
I think that's pretty cool.
I am hoping to go down that path soon.
Are you going to start dev streaming then?
Yes. I've been in the process of setting
up a Twitch channel.
Nice.
Because I kind of want to just test it out and see how it
goes. I'm going to do a Monday, Wednesday, Friday schedule
and just do maximum to minimum one
hour.
Okay.
And test it out. And if, like, if I see
that I like it just because it's motivating me
or pushing me forward, then I'll extend the time or. Or find
like a good average time to stream.
Okay. Like, what's your. What's your policy on trolls in chat?
Bottom.
So basically you're saying I can't be in chat.
Oh, wait, no. Well, okay. So
I think that my humor, my range of humor
is pretty wide. So if it's to me, I'll understand.
Right?
Yeah.
But if it's to a stranger.
Oh, no strangers.
Yeah. Then it's kind of like. Well, okay, yeah.
It's like, don't be a dick. You can be, you can be trolly, just
don't be a dick.
I mean like, if it's to me, be a dick, be a troll, whatever. I understand.
Like we're all friends here and I know the range of humor.
Right?
Yeah. Like I get in to my friend's destiny chat and I'm like, why is everybody playing
McCree?
You see? And that's fine.
That's funny.
Yeah. But, but if it's to like a stranger and like
someone's being like this absolute dick, to like someone who just joined the
channel or like just like berating
somebody, then I won't, I won't stand for that kind of thing.
Okay, so maybe I'm more of a heckler than.
Yeah, I mean, hecklers are always invited,
but that was a selfless plug. I didn't even think I was gonna mention
that.
What's your channel name?
Oh, it's Twitch TV
Demonijin.
How do you spell that?
Demon eye. As in the eyeball in your head.
Okay.
And then Jin J I N. Like Jin Kazuya.
Yeah, like Tekken Jim.
Yeah, like Tekken Jin. Yeah.
Tekken Jim.
Slim Jim.
Tekken Jim. Holy. Now I want that game.
He's just like this hillbilly guy.
Serious. Tekken gym dispersed.
I don't know if it's like a. In Scary Movie and it's like buy big
gym, little gym, Slim Jim.
Oh my God.
Walked away and it's like his trailer is like right on the school.
And it's like, how's this kid always late? He lives on like in
school.
Yeah. So those are
some of the things that I've been thinking about, especially when you're getting into solo dev.
Coming out of a team environment where I was like obligated.
I also have another team environment which I work with Pedro
and Go War Games. But we've definitely,
definitely, definitely.
Oh my God.
I'm going to keep going.
Go for it.
Definitely.
We've learned a lot. And I think that one of our biggest hurdles in that environment
is that we're all friends.
Right.
So that one is like the tough thing to
handle.
Yeah, for sure.
Being able to know how and when to step in to address something
and not wanting to hurt your friends feelings.
Call somebody out without. Without making sure that like
you insult them. Right. Because calling somebody out for, like, bad work or,
like, slow work or just no work or just any. Any kind of
issue is really difficult to do already, even if you're not friends.
Right. Because it's almost like you're. You're.
You're shitting on, like, they're like, their honor. Right.
In a way.
Yeah.
Or at least you're calling it out. But then when you're. You're a friend,
it's very difficult to do that, too, because
people can't help but take it personal.
Right.
Not just from a work stance, but it's like.
Yeah.
You know, from a friend stance, too.
There's no separation of church and state there anymore.
Yeah, for sure. And you can't just be like, you suck McBain and walk out.
That's your friend.
Yeah, right, Exactly. So it makes walking on eggshells
even more difficult. Like, there are eggshells on top of those eggshells,
and you got to walk on those.
I guess maybe the. The trick there, and it's not like
a silver bullet, but everybody just kind of has to meet in the middle.
Yeah.
They're like, your friends need to be able to maybe take criticism
a little better. And the people giving the criticism maybe just pull, like, a
little bit of the punch.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, so. But everybody has to understand that that's what's happening.
Yeah. It says you can't.
Healthy exercise right now.
You can't pull it off for the punch so that there is no punch.
Right, right, exactly. So it's a meat in the middle
thing, I think.
I wonder if there's, like, a trust.
Fall extra small ropes course. I'm
just gonna let you fall about, like, 10ft.
Yeah. Then I'll catch it.
Y.
I wonder. Yeah, that. That's curious. All right. I'm gonna think about
that one for a bit after this show. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah. I mean, there has to be something, right? I'm sure.
Boxing ring match. You just got.
Oh, that'll be fish. Well, yeah, I mean, get like, some Rockham. Rockham soccer
robots, bro. Like, soccer bobbers or something. Or like.
No, it's just, like, a straight punch. Yeah, like
commercials.
Alive. Sock emboppers, bro. I took one to the face,
and that was like, that thing wasn't even there. But that's because me and my
friend were just going at it.
Yeah, well, you guys are boosted animals.
Well, I mean, did you see the commercial?
Y. Yeah. Well, there's this thing I've seen in,
like, parks or just, like, little, like, amusement. Not amusement
parks, but you know, when there's like a company party and something that like those like inflatable
things. There's one that's like an arena with two stumps and like
these giant, like, I think these giant
foam like bars and you.
Gladiator. Yeah, yeah.
Well, the joust, right? That's awesome. And I feel like
that's a good way to like.
I remember was the weirdest, like scripted
WWE thing. Like it tried to meet that
like thing where it's like these fighters would fight, but
it was also like the scripted event.
You know, listen, I was just super about the tennis ball machine gun
and how did I get one?
The tennis ball machine gun.
It was like an arena set out and you had
like pylons, like obstacles, and then there was
a dude with a tennis ball like turret.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
And then you had to like hit a little target like with an
arrow or something that you had like two or three of. So you had to get
close enough to hit it reliably. And the dude, this swole
ass, roided out dude, like shooting tennis balls at you relentlessly.
That sounds like it hurts. Yeah. You have a goddamn tennis ball.
I saw somebody get hit in the ankle one time and like limp off.
Oh, my God.
Normally people get hit like in the.
Chest and you take it to the chest.
Yeah.
No, that shit sounds crazy, dude.
No, but that show is pretty crazy.
Yeah. I mean, well, that's one thing, right? But yeah,
so definitely, you know, working in that team environment,
as always, there's always like some positives to it, which
I guess one of the positive be that if you are working in a team environment, you
can tackle on maybe bigger projects or finish
a project in a shorter amount of time. Yeah. You
know, as long as everybody is inputting what they're supposed to at least write and
according to whatever plan you got.
Yeah, that's the. That's the ideal scenario
where everybody's kind of, you know, pulling their own weight. A
project then, which for one person would
be a long time, would, in
my opinion, get shortened down by half or less, depending on what
that project is.
Right.
And I'm not sure. I think
you've seen this before and stuff like when more people tackle onto
something, it's less workload on someone else. And
as the work gets divided, you get to
kind of really enjoy
or get to maybe enjoy not the right word, but you
get to dive into your responsibilities.
Yeah.
You know, you get to kind of seclude yourself and say, all right, now this is my
responsibility. Let me Let me get at this like
100%.
Yeah, absolutely. I was actually having an interesting discussion with somebody
that works at a real company essentially. Oh,
a real software company.
Oh no, you heard me.
Where they make like boring software. Yeah.
They were telling me that being in a, in a position where
they manage like an entire
like 20 something people, maybe like what one would
consider a product or a division. Yeah, it's a lot
more difficult because it's a lot more people wrangling versus
working on a smaller project where you had a lot of your scope
was, was narrower. So you had a lot more of a deep dive
into the, the technicality of it.
Right?
Yeah, yeah.
But I think also part of working on the team though too, especially with more people, is
that you don't have to worry about all these crazy
amount of stuff that you have to like bring together as well as like, oh, my job is
this.
Right.
Like I can only focus on this and do it really well instead of like
getting scared of the scope. Right. It's like, oh, I have to do all
these different things.
Yeah, for sure. Even though I would say that understanding at
least a little bit about the rest of the. Yes, the thing always helps.
Absolutely.
It's always good to know like the overall scope and what everything.
You shouldn't be taking up your time, but it's good to know it.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, I guess that's the, the most like succinct way to put it.
Yeah.
I think understand understanding the pipeline and knowing how
things get implemented, even from like a non programmer
to a programmer standpoint, it will help everybody
kind of unify in the middle. When you do have to meet in the middle, like,
okay, like the programming's done, here comes the art. Okay,
we talked about the pipeline, so I know that I'm going to be receiving the art
like this and they're going to do the art like that. So let me just start setting
up those things, these templates ahead of time.
Right. You have enough knowledge to be proactive
in how you work with the rest of the team.
Right, right, right.
Yeah.
But then, you know, so it's always, always nice. Right. If you have a
team and you can feel like you got a lot done. But then like
we said before coming into a team, there's always like negatives and
I think one of the biggest ones at least that we've
come across, if it's. If one of the people that are
like, I guess driving the project is just like
not about the project or is not performing well or anything. Then,
like, it kind of shits on the whole, like, team morale or like, everybody else, and it
kind of, like, almost completely stops the project
from moving.
Yeah, it can definitely.
That's a really shitty thing, and it's something to really watch out for if
you're in a team environment.
But I will say that the
boon to it is, like, an
endless supply of motivating
factor. Right? If everybody's kind of working
and everybody's kind of doing what they're supposed to do, and you see that,
I tend to see me as always kind of like on
an uphill battle. Right. And I like that feeling because I
like to be able to say, like, all right, let's climb. Right? Let's do this. All right, let's
meet this. And it kind of motivates me to keep producing
even if I don't feel good about what I'm producing, even if I feel
like, oh, well, I could have done this better, maybe, you know, whatever.
I still move forward, and I still tell myself,
all right, like, fuck it, like, that's behind me now. I finished
my to do list. I'll review it when there's time.
Let me just, you know, keep going. Because these guys are.
Keep, like, they.
They're.
They continue to climb. So I'm like, all right, let's keep climbing. Let's
do this and keep swimming, bro. Yeah,
it basically becomes that, like, as long as you see people swimming,
and the way I always perceive it is that they're swimming in front of me, it
makes me want to catch up, and it makes me want to swim harder, and it makes me want
to go faster.
Yeah, for sure. You got to call those discords.
Gotta go fast.
I'm a pretty good Zenyatta. I'm not lying.
Yeah, there you go. You call out your discords.
I do.
I'm waiting for the rework.
Like, the hugest key. Yeah, call out your discord.
I call out my rework.
Is that everything is a five ball and everybody dies. That's
the rework for Zenyatta, man.
I could only wish.
We'll see here. They already got mercy.
Mercy of the apocalypse, man.
That change. I'll play mercy.
Like, they already had to nerf her.
They already had to nerf her, dude.
Did you see gameplay?
No, I didn't get to see gameplay.
It was like, everybody's alive, mercy.
Ol.
Everybody's dead.
I saw that. I saw that clip. Yeah,
they ana boosted her, and then she went ult.
Of course they did.
Good luck. Everything dies. Everything just drops dead.
Yeah, because Anytime you give someone a damage boost, there's
always the possibility of getting the Anna fucking Super on
you.
Yeah.
And that's it. You're just a monster in the field.
Yeah, it's gross.
Yeah. That's awesome, though.
But yeah, like, I tend to take that as
the. The push that I need
to keep going. And I think that a team environment is
really, really healthy for that kind of stuff. If you get into something where
you see, like, everybody's kind of pulling their own weight and stuff,
I highly recommend it if you can get into a team or
get into any kind of project that you want to get into.
And obviously this is not harking back into the team dynamics
episode.
Right. Y.
But I. I super highly recommend
it. And don't
start a team for your first project just yet.
Like, join someone else's team first.
Okay. Yeah.
See what it's like.
Or learn your skills really well before even, like,
joining a team. Like, you don't like. At least for me, like, I wouldn't
want to figure out my skill by joining a team. Yeah,
I want to figure out my skill.
I'm gonna say don't start at zero, but,
yeah, start at 25% and
be honest. Don't tell someone that you're the fucking world.
And then some. Yeah, tell them, hey, Look, I have 25%
of knowledge and I see you're working on this project. Do I have
a fit in there or. No, they'll be honest with you and they're gonna tell you,
like, oh, yeah, actually you could help us with this. Or right now we're
not looking for someone at the moment that. At the skill, we would look for something like this,
this, or this, you know, and don't be afraid
of that. Like, that's something that you're just gonna run into all the time.
But nine out of 10 times, if it's an indie project, they need the help
and they'll welcome the help. And that's a good way to take you from 25
to 50 to 75 on that skill. Like, that skill
list.
But on that same note, though, for the
people in the indie project that are going to grab somebody,
like, make sure that somebody can do something.
Yeah, of course.
Like, that's on the other side too. Like, you have to do your homework on that person.
Yeah. I mean, don't join a project and just fucking decide that
you're going to disappear for four months and then your car breaks down and
then you left the build at home and, you know.
Like your cat at your computer.
Yeah, like.
Yeah. And it things.
Like there's a. There's an important, like, social contract, I
think. Right. At least that's the way I
feel about it.
I agree with you.
There's a social contract that when you give someone your word, you gotta keep
it, man.
Yeah. Because now you get shot.
Yeah, exactly. You're gonna get fucking shot out there.
I mean, in. In that sense, it's metaphorically
true because no one else is gonna want to work with you in the future.
And the time it takes for you to recoup that loss, you
know, you could have done so many things. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
I feel like. No, go ahead. What I was gonna say
was very banal.
I mean. Okay, well, I was gonna say, like, there's a positive.
I think, at least for me, coming from experience and anecdotal
evidence, there is a positive that can
come out of negatives of team environments, which is maybe
pushing you to do something new that you didn't do before to fill in a gap.
Right. Like, hello. Yes. All right. So,
like, if you're in a team environment where, like, something isn't happening
or like, something's happening at the pace that you want to, and then
it kind of motivates you to kind of take reins of that particular
subject. Right. Or just like force you. Forces
you to learn something new so that you can put it
to whatever pace you feel is adequate.
It definitely offers the opportunity to step up.
Right? It offers the opportunity to step up and kind of like,
kind of just, you know, take over that and then not have any excuse.
I'm not gonna pretend that every time that you do that, it's gonna be great.
No, you're right. It's not. But it's definitely a positive out of a
negative situation, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Look at do is agree with it.
God, we're so agreeable today.
I know, right?
Can somebody say something like inflammatory?
The beer hasn't kicked in yet.
I already started one.
No, let's start at one.
He's let hearted. I can't say
it with the R because I don't want to get in trouble.
But then you're making fun of people with speech impediments or agents.
Oh, shit, I'm done.
No, you can be safe. Definitely, definitely.
I'm definitely, definitely not gonna be safe.
Yeah, let's just do every Dustin Hoffman movie. Mrs. Robinson,
are you trying to seduce me?
Bring me Peter Pan.
Was Tootsie Dustinhoffen.
Yes. And he was a cross dresser, if memory serves.
Yeah, yeah. He dressed as a Lady. Because he was impersonating a lady. Yeah, basically.
It was a good movie.
Tootsie was what now?
Oh, it's a Dustin Hoffman movie.
It's widely acclaimed, I guess. Critically acclaimed.
Critically acclaimed.
And he's a cross dresser. Like, the whole movie.
Yeah. He dressed up like a lady because I think it was for like, a job
or something that he.
It was like the first Mrs. Doubtfire.
Yeah. Yeah, in a way.
Okay.
I haven't seen it yet, but I love it.
No, Tootsie. Oh, more. More times than I
need to.
I saw it in 12 grade.
Yeah.
During AP Spanish class. Funny enough.
Okay.
Interesting class.
My AP Spanish teacher was a really stressor.
He was a really big film guy. Like, he loved movies.
Did you just assume his gender?
Yeah, dude, I'm pretty sure. I'm
pretty sure about it. But he loved movies and he always showed us movies that explore
different, like, themes of.
Of interesting.
Of people. But then we wrote an essay on it in Spanish.
Oh, that's cool. That's actually really awesome.
Dustin Hoffman, like, we saw in the.
Movie is when I saw like, the Truman show for the first time.
Oh, wow.
I think he, at the time, the illusion had just come
out and he told us. I was like, one of the first movies in a long time that he's seen in theaters
that he just really enjoyed the experience.
Great movie.
No, that wasn't a great movie.
It was a great movie.
That was Kmart. The Prestige.
No, I.
They're different then they come around.
They came around the same time.
Same time. Right.
Except the Prestige is like Chris Nolan and, like, really
shiny and flashy. Delusion is a little more gritty and, like, slower
paced and a little more dramatic.
Is like.
It's so good.
With Paul Giamatti.
Yeah, with Paul Gatti.
The illusionist is Ned Norton. M. Night Shyamalan
read the script for the precision is like, I can make this movie.
I got this.
Maybe. But that's the thing, right? M. Night Shyamalan's movies are actually
not bad. Like, script idea wise. Now
execution. I don't know about directing. They.
I don't know if you saw Lady. Lady in the Lady.
I never saw Lady. The Lady.
I didn't see that. That one either.
Because that movie, if I remember correctly,
did the trope where the one guy just like, like,
buffed up one arm. Right.
For specific reasons. But it ended up becoming that
he was like Sir Gallaghan or something. One of the greatest
knights.
Funny.
Oh, is that a King Arthur movie?
Yes.
What lady, like, is the King Arthur movie?
Yeah, I had no idea I got to watch it.
But it's in modern times.
I get it.
And like, oh, okay. They all live in this apartment.
Like, yeah, watch the movie.
Oh, I kind of want to see this.
I mean, I. Yeah, Okay. I don't want
to say anything because I don't want to remove the hype from.
You already ruined it.
I mean, I like. I like Shyama films,
but I usually like. Because of their. Like, their screenplay or, like, their
story. I really don't like the way that he directs
most of them, but, like, I Saw a Devil and it's the one in, like, the elevator.
And he didn't direct that one.
He.
He wrote it. And I really like that movie a lot. I was like, man, this is pretty cool.
And I still like Signs and, you know, obviously, like, what is like, Unbreakable
and Six Sense and Sixth Sense.
Of course, everyone movies.
Yeah, right.
But, you know, that was like.
That was the movie to put him on the. Yeah, it put him on
the.
Split was pretty good.
I never saw Split. I never got to see it.
Pretty.
Science was a funny movie because I loved it.
I love Signs.
I thought it was cool. But the alien scares the crap out of me, dude.
I thought that movie was just, like, super funny because, like, the aliens
are scary up until the end of the movie. And when they're no
longer scary, what whatsoever. Instead of being like, okay,
so you take. You take the movie Alien or Aliens. The aliens are
always scary throughout the entire thing. And then at the end, you get, like, the calming
moment. Oh, we finally beat the big bad. Or we got away. And,
like, everybody's. And then there's like, whatever.
Oh, this one. The, like, they're all leaving, and then now one alien
comes in. It's like, swing away, Merle. Swing away.
And it's just immediately takes the power away from the aliens, and
it's just like, oh, the aliens are weak to water. Why did they even.
And yeah, and what. Why did they even come to this planet in the first
place? Makes them alien. Like, are they stupid?
This one. This planet is mostly water and was mostly
wood.
Exactly. It's like, oh, that's our weakness.
Let's go there. Let's go explore this area.
Maybe it's new to them. They didn't know they were weak to it until they got there.
Maybe they're aliens, dude. We don't know where they've been.
Yeah. Where they're going.
But you test this.
Where'd they come from? Where do they go?
But that's what I'm saying, like, these aliens were so stupid to just be like,
I'll just go in there, get on that lander.
Maybe they work for Ubisoft, dude. They're just like, let's release with all
these bugs. No.
And we'll call it the Division.
Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know. But I don't know. I like Amnesia Mama
alone. Except for, like, what he did to the Last Airbender was almost unexcusable.
Well, my thing is that every. Every movie sets up with a
huge twist at the end.
Yeah.
Yeah. What a twist. Yeah.
What the tweet?
I mean, I like the Village, funny enough.
What the tweets I didn't like the Village was stupid.
It's a little slower.
But it was weird to me that, like, you had this supernatural
creature, and it ended up just being like, the
guy in the. In the village.
But that's the twist. The big twist was
even. Was even further at the end.
Yeah.
So take it forward, you know, Take it as you will.
And Wayward Pines is pretty much the village. But
then the village again.
I haven't seen that.
I didn't see it.
So think of the village with the twist, and then think of twisting the twist.
Huh?
Oh, my God.
And then you have Wayward Pines.
So you're going back to no twist.
No, you continue twisting. Twisted twist.
Oh, you get twister.
Twist. That's to the power of a twist. That's
to the power of twist.
Okay. Okay.
Twist cubed, I guess.
Interesting.
Or toast square, maybe.
I haven't seen it, but like I
said, I like his stories. I'm not crazy about how. I guess he directs
mostly just his actors. He has good shots, but, like, a lot of his actors just
act really awkward. And for some movies, that works because it fits, and
then for some reason, it just doesn't.
Yeah, you right.
So I'm just like, oh, no Last Airbender, please.
You took that Patel good actor and almost made him trash
quality.
Yeah.
So I was like.
No, it was. It was weird casting on that movie and weird acting
on that movie.
For me, it was mostly.
We're like some weird science.
Like the casting. I can understand the casting. I thought it was okay.
I think on was. Was pretty well cast in the
other guys from, like, the Ice People were not super well casted, I
guess. Maybe. But they also just felt really awkward.
Mm.
And I feel. But like, I. And last time, I know we're going, like, on
a crazy rant, but the Last Airman, I like the Fact that he tried to
cast, like, different, like, ethnicities for, like, the different.
Yeah, different, like different tribes. Ethnicities.
Yeah. And I thought that was cool.
Yes, I think that that's cool. But as far as the actors
are concerned.
Yeah. I mean, Patel was awesome. The Fire Emperor was
cool. I guess, like, all the fire guys are. Or like. Like, there were good actors
and, like.
Wait, was. Wasn't one of them. What's this dude?
He's a comedian.
He was on the Daily Show.
Oh.
Actually, the fire lord, I
feel, might have been a comedian.
What? What?
Yeah, Far Lord ozai, the movie guy.
I didn't watch this movie.
Oh, you're. You're. Never mind.
They were just failing some. I.
I don't remember the movie too well. I just remember thinking, like, why I.
Won'T watch anything called Avatar at this point. Like, Avatar
is ruined.
Not James Cameron's Avatar. Not bad.
Apparently James Cameron.
Yeah.
Yeah. Apparently that changed ponytail.
But I saw and I was like.
I went into that movie with zero knowledge of what it was, and I came
out pretty impressed. It was like.
It was entertaining.
Yeah.
But I still think that James Cameron's best movies, Terminator 2,
it's definitely one.
Of his best movies. For sure.
It's literally his best.
I don't know what his best.
And it is by far the best action movie you'll see.
I think Terminator 1 was better than Terminator.
No, Terminator 1 was.
Because it was essentially Alien 1 was good.
Yes, it was essentially.
Alien 1 was good to change the game.
I think, like, 2 was too buddy cop for me, bro.
Nah, dude was like, do you know.
How to use one of these?
Yeah, I don't know what, like, to.
To me, Terminator 2 is the best mixture
of CG, live action.
That was incredible. Yeah.
Like, just action altogether at the time. And like,
a decent fucking story for an action movie.
So here's the thing. I didn't see Terminator 2 as a child.
Okay.
This is what separates us here at this table.
Oh.
I mean, you're. You're almost as old as I am. I. I think we probably
older than you are.
Like, by how much? How much?
By very little. But I. By very little.
I think we may have seen it around the same time.
No, I saw it, like, as an adult.
Oh.
Like you waited.
Yeah, I just never saw it. And then I was like, let me see what this Terminator 2
things about. I was just like, meh. Whereas Terminator 1
I saw as a child. Like, I was probably four
on TV or something, and My parents were just, like, ignoring me,
and I was like, this is terrifying.
It's pretty scary.
Same thing with Total Recall, by the way. Total Recall still terrifies me to this day.
Total Recall is another one of those, but that's that. That one director
who also did Starship Troopers and that
movie terrified me forever. And he also did RoboCop.
Yeah, I love RoboCop.
I'll buy that for a dollar.
Yeah, he didn't do part two or three, if I remember correctly.
No, part three was bad, though.
Yeah. There was another direction.
New RoboCop was also kind of booty.
It was okay. It was fun.
Nobody did see the new Judge Dread. Yeah, the new Dread was
awesome, but.
It was like a different take on Dread. New RoboCop
was RoboCop again.
Yeah, but they tried to modernize it. Make him
into, like, cyborg ninja.
Yeah.
Which is better? We like cyborg ninjas better.
The actor for the Dread was really great, though. I always forget
his name.
Madamada.
I need healing. Joel Kinnaman
is the new RoboCop.
No, no, not the RoboCop.
Joel Urban.
Carl Urban is shit. That guy's awesome.
Fucking love that guy.
Yeah, he's super cool. I love his bones in Star Trek.
Oh, yeah, he's great.
I. That, like, some, like.
I don't know what, like, kind of God exists that they
can make a.
Dread sequel because they're talking about making a Dread show.
I seen it, and it's kind of like. It's
a 5050 thing where, like, I think that article is a.
And snag a lie at the same time. It's a weird
fucking kind of situation,
but I really like that movie. That movie surprised
the shit out of me because it was
the Raid Redemption. But Judge Judd.
Have you seen the Redemption, though? Oh, my
God. That movie's so good.
Oh, my God.
But I saw it.
It's called Dread.
Yeah, exactly. If you saw Dread, you saw the movie.
It's martial arts dread. But it's so
good if Dread threw.
A kick or two. Okay, you'd seen the Raid Redemption,
man. No, but there are some scenes that are real. Like.
No, I went through a phase, though, where I only watched, like, Hong Kong action movies.
Well, this one is, like.
Watch them.
This is, like, Korean or something. It's. I mean, it's not a Chinese
or Japanese or. It might look. It might be, like, Thai. I'm not
sure. I'm pretty sure it's Thai, actually.
I'm pretty sure you're racist, but, man.
That movie's fucking Wild, dude. Holy hell. If all you guys
out there haven't seen the Redemption, watch it.
Redeem yourself.
Good. Part two. I think we're in a little jumping the Sharky.
Isn't the Raid Redemption already part two? Because it has, like, a tagline.
No, no. Part one. There's the Raid two. No. Yeah.
They don't know. Yeah, that's how you name a movie.
You name a movie.
I heard it was only Redemption. When I went to see it, it was called
the Raid. But then in, like, when I saw that, when the movie started, it was
like the Raid Redemption, I was like, okay, I guess.
Sure. And I had no idea what I was walking into in that movie. All my friends at the time, like,
oh, let's go watch this movie. And I was like, I guess, whatever. And then we
saw it, and it opens up and I'm like, okay, so no kind of generic action movie.
And then it just hits the fan and you're like, okay, here
we go. And you're just, like, stuck in your chair.
Does anyone say, yippee ki yay, motherfucker?
No.
Because that's the best Christmas movie.
That is the best Christmas show you ever made.
Ever made. And, like, hands down, no one can't
deny it.
We'll get together, have a few laughs.
Number. We had a lot of interesting shots. I was watching, like, a.
Like, a mini documentary on YouTube about, like, that movie and, like, certain shots,
like, they use that movie as a lot of examples for, like, how to make different shots and how.
The way that they shot
one.
Okay, okay. Because I was hoping that you weren't talking about the Raid
Redemption.
Oh, no, no, no. Die Hard. Die Hard. And how they did, like, different shots and different,
like, angles and stuff to get certain effects from. Different from, like,
different scenes and all the. Man, this is crazy.
Yeah. I think I saw the same video, actually. Were they, like,
give you an example of what the scene would have looked like? Like.
Yes.
Wider.
Yes. Or, like, wider or, like, if they would have been, like, a little
different camera. Like, like, cut to, like, an opposite side
cut.
That's a really good video. Yeah.
That was awesome. I think you might have actually shown that video to me, funny enough.
Maybe. I mean, I don't know. Yeah.
Pretty good.
Yeah. So basically, teamwork makes the
dream work.
Until it doesn't.
Then you have to make the dream work.
So it's kind of like Die Hard.
Right?
Like, you may have Reginald Val Johnson outside. That might
be your dude.
Right.
But if you ain't.
Yeah.
But if you're stepping on all that.
Class, you gotta be John McLean.
Yeah. All day, every day,
so.
And then don't forget to redemption your raids.
Yeah.
And Airbender, the last one.
Oh, and then there's always gonna be a twist. Important,
what a twist and everything.
Just be prepared for the twist and see if you can handle it emotionally.
What does this make me think about my life now?
You're scum.
You might end up becoming, you know,
sad. And you may end up in the Rain Man. And,
you know, you just gotta persevere like John Fogerty.
But if you become sad, Keanu, is that a good thing?
Well, I mean, just light that John Wick and let it burn.
Yay.
Yo.
This has been weekly deliverables episode?
16. Because it's just gone everywhere,
this one.
Way off the rails.
I mean, I think now it's to be expected. Like.
Yeah. I think that we do, like, a set of really
focused episodes, and we just go off the rails. Crazy.
Yeah.
I think that's normal.
I think the next episode I'm really looking forward to because I have a lot to
say about this next one.
Okay.
But you're just gonna have to listen to it.
Yeah.
To find out.
Just gonna have to wait and see.
All right, well, I've been Pedro.
Oh. I've been Mark.
And I've been Alex.
All right, see you guys later. Bye.